CLARE Terms of Service
======================

Data usage
----------
Messages sent by CLARE include information assembled by INDRA (www.indra.bio)
from natural language processing systems and pathway databases. Links to the
individual data usage policies of these sources are accessible under the
"Reference" column of the table at
https://github.com/sorgerlab/indra#knowledge-sources.

Privacy policy
--------------
CLARE has access to Slack messages that are (1) sent to it as one-on-one
or multi-party direct messages or (2) sent on channels to which CLARE was added
by the administrators of the Slack workspace. CLARE maintains logs of its
interactions on a non-public Harvard Medical School server. The logs are used
internally for the sole purpose of improving the CLARE system and compiling
anonymous, aggregate usage statistics (e.g., number of messages received in a
given workspace). CLARE only interprets, logs, and responds to the following
messages: (1) messages sent to it as one-on-one direct messages or (2) messages
that begin with the @clare mention on channels and multi-party direct messages
which CLARE has been given access to.

Warranty
--------
All services by the CLARE project are provided "as is", without warranty of any
kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. In no
event shall the CLARE project, The President and Fellows of Harvard College,
any and all employees of The President and Fellows of Harvard College or
contributors to the CLARE project be liable for any claim, damages or other
liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from,
out of or in connection with any software or any services or the use or other
dealings in any software or any services. this disclaimer of liability includes
but is not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or
consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute
goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption)
however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict
liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out
of the use of software or services provided by the CLARE project, even if
advised of the possibility of such damage.

Point of Contact
----------------
Benjamin M. Gyori benjamin_gyori [at] hms.harvard.edu
